# Inquiry

Write your answers below and include the questions. Do copy relevant code to your answers so that both questions and answers are in context 
### g++ Compiler Questions
1. Where can you find the manual to g++?
2. What is the purpose of -Wall and -g, when passed as arguments to g++?
3. What is the difference between an object file, and an executable?
4. What in the example above is a forward declaration?
5. Why is it not possible to have class A containing a B object and B containing an A object?
>class A { B b; }; class B { A a; };

### Hello World Questions
6. What is the purpose of std::cout, std::cerr, and std::clog, respectively?
7. How does #include work?

### Unit Test Questions
8. Why is it important to test the boundary conditions of an implementation, especially in the case of count_if_followed_by?
9. Describe how your testcase tests if a pointer is accessing an element outside the range specified



## Answers

### g++ Compiler Answers
1. https://gcc.gnu.org/onlinedocs/
2. -Wall is short for warn all. Returns almost all the warnings from g++ that are legal but can cause issues.  
   -g Put debugging information for gdb into the object or executable file. Should be specified for both compilation and linking.

3. An **Executable File** contains code corresponding to the program. An **Object File** holds object code generated by the compiler from a source file. When the file extension .o indicates object code.
4. The forward decleration is in the header files (A.h and B.h) which is then included in the implementation files
5. Because the class needs to know the layout of the object. And it does not work with two objects at the same time. One can use a pointer to the object of the next class.
### Hello World Answers
6. **std::cout** is the standard output stream, **std::cerr** is the standard output stream for errors, **std::clog** is standard output stream for character logging 
7. **#include** imports libraries, headers etc,. It includes files at the place of the directive.
### Unit Test Answers
8. 
